FYI, at the time of this writing, I'm using the latest release build of
CocoaPods (0.35.0).

The current Podfile is not my ideal.  Ideally, I'd be able to explicitly define
my test target (PEHateoas-ClientTests), and specify Kiwi and PEWire-Control as
dependencies to it.  Unfortunately, because the primary target (implicitly
defined as PEHateoas-Client depends on PEObjc-Commons, and PEWire-Control
depends on PEObjc-Commons, and because of what looks like a current issue with
CocoaPods (https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods/issues/1688), it is not
possible (for me at least) to do this.  I've tried all sorts of workarounds
suggested in GitHub issue-threads, and none have worked for me.  I like my
current Podfile "solution" because it's simple and understandable.

The only con (I can think of) of my current Podfile is that the state of the
build product: libPEHateoas-Client.a does not reflect how it should look in REAL
projects using PEHateoas-Client.  I.e., as of now, when building this project
for the sake of executing the unit tests, libPEHateoas-Client.a will have
test-only-needed object code linked in, including: PEWire-Control and Kiwi.  But
this is okay because in reality, the only reason I need to create build products
in the context of my PEHateoas-Client project/workspace, is such that I can run
the unit tests.  It's not like this funky libPEHateoas-Client.a file is being
exported to the world or anything; no, that's the job of the podspec file.  And
it, rightfully, lists PEHateoas-Client's dependencies appropriately, and clients
should do just fine leveraging it.

My test target (PEHateoas-ClientTests) is very simple.  It simply links with
libPEHateoas-Client.a (so it has everything it needs from a linkage standpoint),
and it simply needs to specify a couple of linker flags (-ObjC and -l"xml2").
(-ObjC so that code with categories and such gets linked in).

Some FYIs: Based on my understanding of Xocde/build-config, my
PEHateoas-ClientTests target doesn't leverage the "Pods.*.xcconfig" config files
for its OTHER_LDFLAGS setting; i.e., because in my PEHateoas-ClientTests
target's build settings, I explicitly list -ObjC and -l"xml2", I believe this
effectively overrides the 'OTHER_LDFLAGS' entry from the xcconfig configuration,
which is fine for me.
